{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue153;}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1800\margt1800\vieww12000\viewh14000\viewkind0
\deftab708
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab708\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 Welcome to the Mac FileHandler (Java Version)!\
Brief Users Manual
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab708\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
(Please note that this program has at present been tested on MAC OS 10.4.10  and MAC OS 10.5.2)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab708\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IMPORTANT: Although the setup procedures are, I hope, reasonably straightforward, you are strongly advised to thoroughly test your setup before using it "live", either with dummy TMAs from students, or with TMAs from the eTMA training site. See also the disclaimer below. If you get error messages, or something just doesn't work, it will almost certainly be because you haven't set the preferences correctly!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab708\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
HAVE A LOOK AT THE VARIOUS PREFERENCES! Most of them are self-explanatory, but I haven\'92t had a chance to document them fully yet. Some customisation of colour etc is also possible; see Tools -> Customise...\
\
It is also worthwhile (at least initially) after zipping the files for final return to unzip a copy first to check that it does contain what you expect! There may be a problem if the students TMA file(s) are themselves within extra nested folders \'96 take particular care in this situation. \
\
1. 	Create (or use an existing) an empty folder called "etmas" without the quotes, somewhere on your hard disk (or your local iDisk - that should also work!). Alternatively, to try out the package, move the supplied \'93etmas\'94 folder to somewhere convenient and use that, at least initially. In this case, go to step 4, and miss out step 5 . Step 5 is only required once you have downloaded more TMAs from the OU site and want to add them to the \'93etmas\'94 folder.\
\
2.	Inside this folder create a folder called "returns" (if you forget to do this, one will be created the first time you try to save and zip files to return!)\
\
3.	Download eTMAs from the OU site, ensuring that the file setting is  "Standard Zip". Set zipped files to be automatically expanded with Stuffit Expander or an equivalent, or unzip manually.\
\
4.	Launch eTMAHandlerJ.  Select the File:Preferences menu and the "etmas folder"  tag.  Navigate to your "etmas" folder (not any TMA folders inside it) and select "Choose.\
\
Next, using "Select Downloads Folder", select your folder for files you will be downloading from the OU website  (this will generally be wherever your browser downloads usually go - 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IMPORTANT: do not set it to, or anywhere inside, your etmas folder.
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 You can set other preferences now, or come back to them later.\
\
5.	Relaunch, click the button "Import TMAs" , and navigate to your newly downloaded TMA files course folder (eg M150-07J) or the original downloaded zipped file (eg  
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2008-03-05_0727.zip) 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
if it hasn't unzipped automatically. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 DON'T select any of the folders inside the course folder - this can cause chaos! 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
New TMAs should now have been automagically transferred into the appropriate places in the "etmas" folder you created earlier.  Unless you really know what you're doing, 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
don't
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 manually move files into your "etmas" folder \'96 this should have happened automatically!\
\
6.	Select the course number, and then the TMA number from the pull down menu. Then click on the \'93List TMAs\'94 button, and, if you've set up correctly, a summary window should appear with details of all students who have submitted the selected TMA.  Click on the appropriate name in the \'93TMA List\'94 window and the PT3 for that student will be displayed. You can then open and mark the assignment itself (see step 7), enter the marks and comments and save the PT3 and the marked or part-marked file(s) for later zipping.\
\
You can enter part scores within a question part in the form "1+3+4". On leaving the selected cell  the string will be replaced by the total (in this case 8). This will happen anyway on saving the PT3.\
\
You can move between cells of the scores grid using the up-arrow and return keys \
\
7. The first time you select the student's file (probably a .doc or .rtf), a duplicate file in the same folder will be created with "-MARKED" appended to the title.  This will be the one that will be opened at that point ; the original file will remain untouched.  You can disable this feature in the Preferences if you wish. On future occasions you will be given the option of selecting a different file if you wish. If you want to duplicate the file again (eg as backup), you could use "Save as..." , or alternatively quit the program and navigate to the appropriate folder \'96 don\'92t use a filename which includes the word \'93MARKED\'94. The students' files open with your default text-editor (probably Word).\
\
8.	The link to the OU etmas site is set by default to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://css3.open.ac.uk/etma/tutor/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 http://css3.open.ac.uk/etma/tutor/}} . If necessary, this can be changed in the General preferences.\
\
9.	Saving and zipping: \uc0\u8232 Use the \'93Save PT3\'94 button frequently to avoid data loss.  The \'93Check Totals\'94 button will probably not be needed but can be used at any stage if you suspect something has gone wrong with the auto-calculation of totals. \u8232 There are two ways of zipping;\
a)	Clicking the "Save and Zip" button will create a new zipped file for the currently open PT3. \
b) 	On the open "List TMAs" window,  click on the "Zip" in the last columns and use shift-click or command-click to select the students whose files you wish to be zipped. Then press the "Batch zip" button. The routine does not save the currently open PT3, so ensure that this, and any associated student's files, have been saved first. You will be warned about this. \
\
10.	There is a facility for setting up and accessing an item bank of comments. Create a  blank file using your text editor (eg TextEdit or NotePad) anywhere, but probably in the root 'etmas' folder for convenience. Call it what you like, and set the path to it in the preferences. Then any text copied to the clipboard will be added to that file if you press the \'93Bank Comment\'94 button, and can be accessed by pressing \'93Open Comment Bank\'94. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 The \'93Test JS\'94 button operates similarly \'96 select the student\'92s coding in the TMA script, copy, and press the button. \'93Smart\'94 quotes in Word, which interfere with Javascript, will be replaced by \'91straight\'92 ones in the text (but the student\'92s copy will remain untouched). If you are editing/debugging the copied script in Text Edit, remember to "select" and "Copy" it all again before you test it in the browser (the routine operates with data from the clipboard!\
\
11.	Previous scores for the current student are automatically shown. If you enter in the appropriate TMA weightings in the preferences, the weighted average for all TMAs submitted, including the current one,  will be displayed in the far right hand cell.  The average is based on all the TMAs expected to be submitted to date (non-submissions are counted as zero). As soon as the next TMA is submitted by one student (ie the TMA folder is created for that TMA) this becomes the "expected number" of TMAs, so other students averages will be depressed(!) until they have also been given a mark for that TMA.\
\
12.   	You can also list all the grades for your students using the "Grades summary" button. If you enter the overall pass mark in the bottom cell of the TMA weightings preferences, any students currently scoring less than the pass mark will be asterisked "**" and highlighted.  You can also click on any assignment score to open the  corresponding PT3 info.\
\
13.	Missing Submissions: this is a relatively new enhancement of the List TMAs window, which will compare the current list of submitted TMAs with your OU student list and indicate any students yet to submit.  You should first download (if you haven\'92t already!) the student list from your Student info web page \'96 it will be a file beginning with \'93extract\'94 and  ending in .csv. This file is probably best kept in the respective course folder of your etmas file, but in fact can be kept anywhere. Then click the \'93Missing Submissions\'94 button on the \'93List TMAs\'94 page, and select the appropriate downloaded student file when prompted (you should only have to do this the first time). If all goes well, a list of missing students for that TMA will be displayed. You can replace the file (removing the previous one) if you download a new list, eg following student withdrawals or additions. If the file name is different you will be asked to select it the first time you use the \'93Missing Submissions\'94 button.\
\
14.	If you want to use the spellcheck feature, you should set the path to the attached dictionary in the preferences. As usual, you can add to the dictionary over a period of time.\
\
Other functions are, I hope, self-explanatory or obvious!  \
\
Good luck! Comments questions and suggestions most welcome!\
Mike Hay ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mike@hayfamily.co.uk"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 mike@hayfamily.co.uk}}) Tutor Number 00516109\
\
\
Troubleshooting:\
A.	Make sure you have selected the entire \'93etmas\'94 folder in the \'93etmas preference\'94 tab, not any of the contained folders. The file path in that tab should end in \'93etmas:\'94. Also make sure that you have not set the "Downloaded TMAs" to your "etmas" folder\uc0\u8232 \
B.	Similarly, make sure when moving downloaded TMAs to the \'93etmas\'94 file that you select the entire downloaded (fully unzipped) folder (the name should begin with the course code). If something seems to have gone wrong, try removing the appropriate files from the \'93etmas\'94 folder, rename the downloaded file back to its original name and try again!\uc0\u8232 \
C.	The program caters for 60 entries in the marks grid, including the question totalsI hope this is adequate.\uc0\u8232 \
D.	 Double-check that your folder preferences are set correctly. I suggest  that on a Mac initially you use the hard disk for all your storage rather than the iDisk until you\'92re clear what you\'92re doing.\uc0\u8232 \
\
E.	The OU has now slightly changed the way it suggests users structure their folders. They use a \'91downloads\'92 folder within the \'91etmas\'92 folder \'96 my program does not. So when using the Filehandler, all the course etma folders should appear immediately within the \'91etmas\'92 folder, not within any subfolders. If you use the \'91Collect TMAs\'94 button, this should happen automatically, but be aware that this is slightly different from the format recommended in the latest eTMA Training Manual.  Any reference within this ReadMe to \'91downloads\'94 therefore refers to wherever your browser puts downloaded files. \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab708\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER: this program has been produced by me for my own convenience, but is offered freely to OU tutors to mark eTMAs. It is offered "as is", and you use it entirely at your own risk. 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I take no responsibility
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 whatsoever for any loss or damage however caused, or any consequential loss or damage to Open University systems, or to students' systems or progress with their studies. It is not supported or recommended in any way by the Open University. Your attention is drawn again to the importance of initial testing, either with students' dummy TMAs, or using TMAs from the eTMA training site.
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab708\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MJHay 29 July 2007
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}